Yes miss ye
You don't have to doubt that Mr. Long's money is not correct.
Wang Xin, as I said before
I'll give you leaves.
A chance to meet Long Chuan
As long as you say
I will arrange for you to meet immediately.
younger sister
Promise quickly
This is for our Ye family
It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Yeah, yeah.
stars
I really shouldn't have forced you
You help daddy help daddy
Fanxing, don't worry about them.
Just follow your heart
Oops Ye Fanxing
What are you hesitating about?
Promise quickly
That's right, hurry up and promise
So we can return to the Ye family, right?
Woman, shut up for me
today
I want a chance to meet Long Shuai
In this way, grandma will definitely forgive our family.
We don't have to wander anymore
Grandma will also give us the shares
Who is it? We will have money if we raise Yueyue
This silly woman
At this time, I still think of our little home
OK, then we will